README.md, before:

# Docker image for deno on Azure Web App for Containers
This docker file is  for [deno](https://github.com/denoland/deno/) on Azure Web App for Containers, based on [frol/docker-alpine-glibc
](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-glibc)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/horihiro/deno.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/horihiro/deno "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/horihiro/deno.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/horihiro/deno/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/horihiro/deno.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/horihiro/deno/)

## Setup

1. Deploy new resource of Web App for Containers,<br>
   then set followings.
    - `Publish` to `Docker Image`<br>
  ![./deploy_settings_publish.png](./deploy_settings_publish.png)
    - `Image Source` to `Docker Hub`<br>
    and `Image and tag` to `horihiro/deno:latest`<br>
  ![./deploy_settings_container.png](./deploy_settings_container.png)
1. Open your Web App<br>
  url: https://\<your_webapp>.azurewebsites.net/
  ![./deno_on_webapp.png](./deno_on_webapp.png)
  And open webssh on your Web App<br>
  url: https://\<your_webapp>.scm.azurewebsites.net/webssh/host
  ![./webssh_on_webapp.png](./webssh_on_webapp.png)

## Usage

1. Set `WEBSITES_ENABLE_APP_SERVICE_STORAGE` in Configuration to `true`
![./application_settings.png](./application_settings.png)
1. Upload your .ts file on `/home/site/wwwroot` of your web app by using FTP, etc.
1. Set `Startup file` in the container settings to your .ts file you uploaded<br>
  ![./startup_settings.png](./startup_settings.png)
1. Restart and open your web app<br>
  Then following command runs.
    ```sh
    deno run -A /home/site/wwwroot/app.ts
    ```
    
    ![./running_app.png](./running_app.png)

## Docker image hierarchy
```
scratch
  + alpine:3.9                         <-- alpine
    + frolvlad/alpine-glibc:alpine-3.9 <-- add glibc
      + THIS_IMAGE                     <-- add deno, sshd and handle startup
```

----

Commit message:

add files for app service on linux

README.md, after:

If you don't/can't use custom container, please see **[How to run Deno for App Service on Linux](./for_blessedimages/README.md)**

# Docker image for deno on Azure Web App for Containers
This docker file is  for [deno](https://github.com/denoland/deno/) on Azure Web App for Containers, based on [frol/docker-alpine-glibc
](https://github.com/frol/docker-alpine-glibc)

[![](https://images.microbadger.com/badges/image/horihiro/deno.svg)](https://microbadger.com/images/horihiro/deno "Get your own image badge on microbadger.com")
[![Docker Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/horihiro/deno.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/horihiro/deno/)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/horihiro/deno.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/horihiro/deno/)

## Setup

1. Deploy new resource of Web App for Containers,<br>
   then set followings.
    - `Publish` to `Docker Image`<br>
  ![./deploy_settings_publish.png](./deploy_settings_publish.png)
    - `Image Source` to `Docker Hub`<br>
    and `Image and tag` to `horihiro/deno:latest`<br>
  ![./deploy_settings_container.png](./deploy_settings_container.png)
1. Open your Web App<br>
  url: https://\<your_webapp>.azurewebsites.net/
  ![./deno_on_webapp.png](./deno_on_webapp.png)
  And open webssh on your Web App<br>
  url: https://\<your_webapp>.scm.azurewebsites.net/webssh/host
  ![./webssh_on_webapp.png](./webssh_on_webapp.png)

## Usage

1. Set `WEBSITES_ENABLE_APP_SERVICE_STORAGE` in Configuration to `true`
![./application_settings.png](./application_settings.png)
1. Upload your .ts file on `/home/site/wwwroot` of your web app by using FTP, etc.
1. Set `Startup file` in the container settings to your .ts file you uploaded<br>
  ![./startup_settings.png](./startup_settings.png)
1. Restart and open your web app<br>
  Then following command runs.
    ```sh
    deno run -A /home/site/wwwroot/app.ts
    ```
    
    ![./running_app.png](./running_app.png)

## Docker image hierarchy
```
scratch
  + alpine:3.9                         <-- alpine
    + frolvlad/alpine-glibc:alpine-3.9 <-- add glibc
      + THIS_IMAGE                     <-- add deno, sshd and handle startup
```

----
